Refund Policy
All Thrive Telehealth web sales are final and non-refundable.
Cancellation Policy
All web sales are final and cannot be canceled once an order is placed.
To discontinue services with Thrive Therapeutics, email us at support@thrivehrt.com. If
you cancel at least 2 weeks before your upcoming billing cycle, you will not be
charged for that month. Cancellations made within 2 weeks of the billing cycle due
date will incur a charge for the upcoming month.
Social Media Disclaimer
Thrive Telehealth does not provide medical or healthcare advice through our social
media channels. All information, comments, or links shared by Thrive Telehealth are
intended for educational and informational purposes only. This content is not a
substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. Do not use this
information during a medical emergency or for any medical condition. For any healthrelated questions or concerns, please consult your doctor or a qualified healthcare
provider. In case of a medical emergency, call 911 or contact your doctor
immediately.
Promotional Information and Disclaimers
• Discount and promotion codes are for one-time use only.
• They are not applicable to prior purchases.
• These offers cannot be combined with any other sale, promotion, or discount
code.
• Offers are void where prohibited, taxed, or restricted.
• Customers are limited to using one discount or promotion code per order.
• Promotions have no cash value.
• Thrive Telehealth reserves the right to modify any promotion at any time.
• Additional restrictions may apply.
• Offers are valid only within the United States unless otherwise specified.
Notice of Direct Payment
I hereby acknowledge and agree that I understand that payment for the services
provided by Thrive Telehealth and its provider affiliates will be billed to and paid by
me directly. Thrive Telehealth will not bill any insurance or other third-party payers
directly, regardless of whether such services may or may not be covered by any
insurance or other programs offered by third-party payers.
I further acknowledge and agree that I understand that neither Thrive Telehealth nor
its affiliate providers have made any representation or warranty that any services,
treatment, or any other portion of the services provided by Thrive Telehealth and/or
its affiliate providers are or will be covered by or qualify for reimbursement or
assignment under Medicare, Medicaid, and/or other federal/state government or
private insurance programs.
I also acknowledge and agree to Thrive Telehealth that I WILL NOT submit any claim
to Medicare, Medicaid, and/or other federal/state government or private insurance
programs for any portion of the services provided by Thrive Telehealth or its affiliate
providers at any time. I further agree to indemnify Thrive Telehealth and its members,
managers, and service providers against any claims, actions, losses, or suits and
associated costs (including attorney fees) which result either directly or indirectly from
my submission, or any submission by a representative or authorized agent on my
behalf, of a claim for any portion of the services provided by Thrive Telehealth or its
affiliate providers to Medicare, Medicaid, and/or other federal/state government or
private insurance programs.
I understand that all Thrive Telehealth web sales are final and non-refundable, and
that payment collected at purchase is a non-refundable deposit that can be used
towards any product or service at Thrive Telehealth. I understand and acknowledge
Thrive Telehealth’s refund policy. Web sales are final and cannot be canceled once an
order has been placed. I further acknowledge and agree to Thrive Telehealth’s
cancellation policy.
I acknowledge and agree that this Acknowledgment of Direct Payment was executed
by me before services were rendered by Thrive Telehealth or its affiliate providers and
that I am not experiencing an urgent or emergency health situation.